c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.exe.config
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.exe
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.pdb
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WinForms.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.pdb
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WinForms.pdb
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.Form1.resources
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.exe
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.pdb
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.STU3.Core.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.Support.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.FhirPath.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.STU3.Core.xml
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.Support.xml
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.FhirPath.xml
c:\users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ma000310\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.exe.config
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.exe
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.pdb
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.STU3.Core.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.Support.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.FhirPath.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WinForms.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.STU3.Core.xml
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.Fhir.Support.xml
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Hl7.FhirPath.xml
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.pdb
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\HtmlRenderer.WinForms.pdb
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.Form2.resources
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.exe
C:\Users\ma000310\Documents\GitHub\democlientdiagnosticreports\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\DHEW_DemoFhirClient\obj\Debug\DHEW_DemoFhirClient.pdb
